so for those of you who are not in a
relationship this year don't worry I
have a Valentine's Day look for you sure
doesn't love you back but look this is a
one-way relationship I could definitely
get into a besides your polish you're
going to want to get a striping brush
and since you guys usually asked me
where I get mines from I just take any
old striping polish like the one you
just saw and I empty that out and I put
acetone into the bottle so now you have
a universal striping brush you can use
with any polish and not just with a
regular polish you can also use it with
gel and here's a tip when you dip your
brush into your polish you want to swirl
it around the neck when you bring it out
and this is going to bring all of the
bristles together to a fine point and
this is the trick to getting really thin
lines so I've already painted my nails
with white toast from urban outfitters
and then I'm going to go in with my
striping brush and a light yellow that I
mixed I'm just going to leave all of the
colors that I'm using in the downbar I
mix my yellow the white and I'm going to
draw in a triangle shape and this is
going to be our pizza now we're going to
switch colors so to do that all you need
to do is put your brush back into your
cleaner and give it a shake voila that
simple so now I'm going to go back into
my light yellow with a little bit of
orange and I'm actually going into the
paint while it's a little bit wet so
that these colors blend easily this is
the cook cheese whatever you guys know
what I'm talking about it so you know
some definition in the cheese color so
it's not all flat you know and then I'm
actually going to take that same color
and we're going to create the crust this
does not need to be like completely
straight you can feel free to put a
leave bumps in there and make it wavy
next you're going to take a red polish
and you don't have to use your striping
brush for this you could also use a
small dotting tool but since I have this
on hand you know why not you're going to
make two very small dots right next to
each other and then you're just going to
drag the excess down into a V shape and
that is your heart then i'm taking a
black this is actually a critic paint
this is the oily instant artists you
guys know I love this stuff we're just
using this to very messily outline just
a few areas around our pizza and our
pepperoni hearts it doesn't have to be
at all perfect and see I broke a lot of
my
because you want this to look very
sketchy next we're going to move on to
an egg and I'm taking a white that I
thin down with a lot of clear nail
polish which you can't really tell but
whatever and you know makes them like
weird crazy shape you can even make the
egg whites into a shape of a heart if
you want to and then I'm going to do the
same technique to make our heart I'm
going to take two small dots and then
drag them into a v-shape to create our
heart lastly i just added a little bit
of translucent grey nail polish and then
finally some white to highlight our egg
yolk and again you're just going to
outline that in the same way and let me
just say that these foods are not
necessarily things I like love or
anything but I thought that they would
translate well with this whole like
heart themed just wanted to throw that
out there in case you guys thought so
weird because it kind of its and we're
almost there we're almost done I'm just
gonna take on the red nail polish and
instead of using I like a large dotting
tool because I don't even think they
make a dot until this big I'm just going
to use the end of my nail polish brush
and I'm sure you guys get the drift of
this by now now I'm sure that you would
come up with some more foods to put on
your nose but I'm just going to make
this nail abstract to break it up a
little bit and I wasn't really happy
with the heart that I put on my pinky
it's supposed to be a strawberry let's
not talk about it I was tired okay so
yeah I'm just going to draw some
straight lines on this nail and we're
gonna do a grid pattern the easiest way
to do this would be to draw a line in
the center and then meet it up on each
side you can continue that along their
severe now not really sure why I didn't
show you the finished product but hey
let's do my thumb now so I'm going to
spell out I love carbs on this nail and
my only tip really is that you want to
obviously draw your Center letter first
so find the center of your word and put
that letter in the middle of your nail
to help with your spacing and i drew
this way too big anyway but I kind of
you know I'm digging it I feel it I like
the way it looks with you do to let me
know in the comments I don't know
lettering could be difficult so you can
actually omit your striping brush and
you can use a Polish pen that would
probably be really easy i've used those
before I just don't have them right now
so I'm sorry I can't show you but
there's your alternative or you can even
use a sharpie so now you just want to
apply your
top coat and don't forget your cuticle
oil and we're done guys now FYI I
actually use the scented or perfume top
coat from Urban Outfitters I definitely
think that you guys should try this for
Valentine's Day I mean you might as well
make your manicure scented you're going
to have your hands in each other's faces
anyway